DOC-#3413: align documentation with updated project structure (#3562)
modin-project/modin: docs/flow/modin/core/dataframe/index.rst

:orphan:

Core Modin Dataframe Objects
============================

Modin paritions data to scale efficiently.
To keep track of everything a few key classes are introduced: ``Dataframe``, ``Partition``, ``AxisPartiton`` and ``PartitionManager``.

* `Dataframe` is the class conforming to Dataframe Algebra.
* `Partition` is an element of a NxM grid which, when combined, represents the ``Dataframe``
* `AxisPartition` is a joined group of ``Partition``-s along some axis (either rows or columns)
* `PartitionManager` is the manager that implements the primitives used for Dataframe Algebra operations over ``Partition``-s

> Each :doc:`storage format </flow/modin/core/storage_formats/index>` may have its own implementations of these Core Dataframe's entities.

Reviewer: Each execution engine and each execution system (storage format + execution engine) may have its own implementations of these Core Dataframe's entities too.

Author: added the info that you've provided

Reviewer: but you removed info about storage format, why?

Author: did it accidentally, reverted it back

:orphan:

Core Modin Dataframe Objects
============================

Modin paritions data to scale efficiently.
To keep track of everything a few key classes are introduced: ``Dataframe``, ``Partition``, ``AxisPartiton`` and ``PartitionManager``.

* ``Dataframe`` is the class conforming to Dataframe Algebra.
* ``Partition`` is an element of a NxM grid which, when combined, represents the ``Dataframe``
* ``AxisPartition`` is a joined group of ``Partition``-s along some axis (either rows or columns)
* ``PartitionManager`` is the manager that implements the primitives used for Dataframe Algebra operations over ``Partition``-s

Each :doc:`storage format </flow/modin/core/storage_formats/index>`, execution engine, and each execution system (storage format + execution engine)
may have its own implementations of these Core Dataframe's entities.

> Current stable implementations are the following:

Reviewer: ray generic, pandas_on_ray, pandas_on_dask, pandas_on_python?

Author: done. Mentioned all of the Dataframe implementations that are not experimental

:orphan:

Core Modin Dataframe Objects
============================

Modin paritions data to scale efficiently.
To keep track of everything a few key classes are introduced: ``Dataframe``, ``Partition``, ``AxisPartiton`` and ``PartitionManager``.

* ``Dataframe`` is the class conforming to Dataframe Algebra.
* ``Partition`` is an element of a NxM grid which, when combined, represents the ``Dataframe``
* ``AxisPartition`` is a joined group of ``Partition``-s along some axis (either rows or columns)
* ``PartitionManager`` is the manager that implements the primitives used for Dataframe Algebra operations over ``Partition``-s

Each :doc:`storage format </flow/modin/core/storage_formats/index>`, execution engine, and each execution system (storage format + execution engine)
may have its own implementations of these Core Dataframe's entities.
Current stable implementations are the following:

> * :doc:`Base Modin Dataframe <base/index>` defines a common interface and algebra operators for `Dataframe` implementations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :doc:`Base ModinDataframe <base/index>` defines a common interface and algebra operators for `Dataframe` implementations.
```

Storage format specific:

> * :doc:`Generic Pandas Dataframe <pandas/index>` is an implementation for any frame class of :doc:`pandas storage format </flow/modin/core/storage_formats/pandas/index>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :doc:`Modin PandasDataframe <pandas/index>` is an implementation for any frame class of :doc:`pandas storage format </flow/modin/core/storage_formats/pandas/index>`.
```

Engine specific:

> * :doc:`Generic Ray Dataframe </flow/modin/core/execution/ray/generic>` is an implementation for any frame class that works on Ray execution engine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :doc:`Modin GenericRayDataframe </flow/modin/core/execution/ray/generic>` is an implementation for any frame class that works on Ray execution engine.
```

Execution system specific:

> * :doc:`PandasOnRay Dataframe </flow/modin/core/execution/ray/implementations/pandas_on_ray/index>` specialization of the generic Ray and Pandas Dataframes for `PandasOnRay` execution.
> * :doc:`cuDFOnRay Dataframe </flow/modin/core/execution/ray/implementations/cudf_on_ray/index>` specialization of the generic Ray Dataframe for `cuDFOnRay` execution.
> * :doc:`PandasOnDask Dataframe </flow/modin/core/execution/dask/implementations/pandas_on_dask/index>` specialization of the generic Pandas Dataframe for `PandasOnDask` execution.
> * :doc:`PandasOnPython Dataframe </flow/modin/core/execution/python/implementations/pandas_on_python/index>` specialization of the generic Pandas Dataframe for `PandasOnPython` execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :doc:`Modin PandasOnRayDataframe </flow/modin/core/execution/ray/implementations/pandas_on_ray/index>` is a specialization of the Core Modin Dataframe for ``PandasOnRay`` execution.
* :doc:`Modin cuDFOnRayDataframe </flow/modin/core/execution/ray/implementations/cudf_on_ray/index>` is a specialization of the Core Modin Dataframe for ``cuDFOnRay`` execution.
* :doc:`Modin PandasOnDaskDataframe </flow/modin/core/execution/dask/implementations/pandas_on_dask/index>` is specialization of the Core Modin Dataframe for ``PandasOnDask`` execution.
* :doc:`Modin PandasOnPythonDataframe </flow/modin/core/execution/python/implementations/pandas_on_python/index>` is a specialization of the Core Modin Dataframe for ``PandasOnPython`` execution.
```
